Docs: update <details> animation docs to reference ::details-content (#42226) (#42239)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/reference/elements/details/index.md

When the user clicks on the widget or focuses it then presses the space bar, it "twists" open, revealing its contents. The common use of a triangle which rotates or twists around to represent opening or closing the widget is why these are sometimes called "twisty".

You can use CSS to style the disclosure widget, and you can programmatically open and close the widget by adding or removing its [`open`](#open) attribute.

By default, when closed, the widget is only tall enough to display the disclosure triangle and summary. When open, it expands to display the details contained within.

> To animate the transition between open and closed states, use the {{cssxref("::details-content")}} pseudo-element, which enables smooth animation support as part of Baseline since September 2025.

Reviewer: we don't generally mention browser support in content as it can get stale fast. 
the selector can be used for more than smooth animations, so suggesting this edit:

```suggestion
The {{cssxref("::details-content")}}  CSS pseudo-element represents the expandable and collapsible contents of `<details>` element. This can be used with CSS {{cssxref("transition")}} properties to smoothly animate between open and closed states.
```
